[Docs] Updates the SET command documentation (#18101)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/sql-api.md

The request body takes the following properties:

> * `query`: SQL query string. HTTP requests are permitted to include multiple `SET` statements to assign [SQL query context parameter](../querying/sql-query-context.md) values to apply to the query statement, see [SET statements](../querying/sql.md#set) for details. Context parameters set by `SET` statements take priority over values set in `context`.

Author: ```suggestion
* `query`: SQL query string. HTTP requests are permitted to include multiple `SET` statements to assign [SQL query context parameter](../querying/sql-query-context.md) values to apply to the query statement, see [SET](../querying/sql.md#set) for details. Context parameters set by `SET` statements take priority over values set in `context`.
```

   * The `header` property is set to true.
   * The version of Druid supports `typesHeader` and `sqlTypesHeader`, regardless of whether either property is set.

> * `context`: JSON object containing optional [SQL query context parameters](../querying/sql-query-context.md), such as to set the query ID, time zone, and whether to use an approximation algorithm for distinct count. You can also set the context through `SET` command. For how to using `SET` Command in your Druid SQL query, see [SET statement](../querying/sql.md#set) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `context`: JSON object containing optional [SQL query context parameters](../querying/sql-query-context.md), such as to set the query ID, time zone, and whether to use an approximation algorithm for distinct count. You can also set the context through the SQL SET command. For more information, see [Druid SQL overview](../querying/sql.md#set).
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> You can also specify query-level context parameters directly within the SQL query string using the `SET` command. For more details, see [SET statements](../querying/sql.md#set).

Author: ```suggestion
You can also specify query-level context parameters directly within the SQL query string using the `SET` command. For more details, see [SET](../querying/sql.md#set).
```
